README.md, before:

## GeoQuakes
In this lab we will be using live data from the USGS (United States Geological Survey), specifically a data set showing significant earthquakes (M4.0 or greater) from the past week.

**Our goal is to**:  
- List information about each quake.
- Display a Google Map with a pin at the epicenter of each quake.

#### Part 1. Rendering Data
Take a moment to familiarize yourself with the dataset by opening it in your browser: [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/significant_week.geojson](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/significant_week.geojson).

+ What is the structure of the data?
    + How many earthquakes does it list?
    + How would you grab the first earthquake?
        * How would you grab it's title?
        * How would you grab it's geological coordinates:
            - *latitude*?
            - *longitude*?
        * When did it happen?
            - How many hours ago is that?

Now, take a moment to familiarize yourself with the layout in `index.html`.
- Your short term goal is to render each *title* to the "info" section of the page (see the commented example in your HTML)
    - Psuedo Code:
        - grab the data from the USGS endpoint.
        - loop over it
        - add each title to the page

#### Part 2. Add Google Maps
- Your next goal is to integrate Google Maps:
    - Follow the tutorial at [Google Maps Javascript API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
        + Note that you will need to sign up for an API key. (See `index.html#L13`)
        + Be VERY careful when you copy paste code!
    - Please center your map on San Francisco: `{ lat: 37.78, lng: -122.44}`

#### Part 3. Add pins to your map
Once you've got the map to show up, your next goal is to drop a single pin on San Francisco. This is a sanity check.  
- Next, can you add only the first earthquake to the map?
- Can you add pins for *all* the earthquakes to the map?

#### Part 4. Refactor to use underscore.js for templating.
Building up an html string in javascript is no fun. The rows in the "info" column are already pretty unwieldy. Before we extend our html any further, let's refactor to use templates. It will make our life a lot easier.  
- Add an underscore template below the `body` tag.
- When the page loads, grab the template and compile it.
- Then, use your compiled-template each time you want to add a new "info" row to the page.

#### Stretch:
Extend your template:  
- Calculate how long ago the quake occured and add it to the page. E.g. "28 hours ago".
- Parse the title to only include the location, E.g. Instead of "M 4.2 - 1km ESE of Fontana, California", it should just say "Fontana, California"
- Create a visual indicator of the magnitude of a quake. For instance, maybe a 4.0 is indicated by a "yellow" dot, a 5.0 by an "orange" dot, and anything larger is "red".

Commit message:

updating the readme to make a more logical order for today and to add handlebars instead of underscore.js

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/7833470/10423298/ea833a68-7079-11e5-84f8-0a925ab96893.png" width="60"> GeoQuakes Lab

| Objectives |
| :--- |
| _Studens will be able to:_ |
| Use AJAX to grab data from the USGS earthquakes API |
| Create and compile a Handlebars template |
| Use Handlebars templating to display data from an AJAX call on your HTML page |
| Use the Google Maps API to embed a map |

## GeoQuakes
In this lab we will be using live data from the USGS (United States Geological Survey), specifically a data set showing significant earthquakes (M4.0 or greater) from the past week.

**Our goal is to**:  
- List information about each quake.
- Display a Google Map with a pin at the epicenter of each quake.

#### Part 1. Rendering Data
Take a moment to familiarize yourself with the dataset by opening it in your browser: [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/significant_week.geojson](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/significant_week.geojson).

+ What is the structure of the data?
    + How many earthquakes does it list?
    + How would you grab the first earthquake?
        * How would you grab it's title?
        * How would you grab it's geological coordinates:
            - *latitude*?
            - *longitude*?
        * When did it happen?
            - How many hours ago is that?

Write out the AJAX call that will grab the data and `console.log` the list of earthquakes.

#### Part 2. Add the title data to the page using Handlebars templates

Now, take a moment to familiarize yourself with the layout in `index.html`.
- Your short term goal is to render each *title* to the `<div id="info">` of the page (see the commented example in your HTML)
  - write the Handlebars template in the html and give it a unique `id` and remember to `type` it correctly.
  - Compile the Handlebars template in your javascript.
  - In the AJAX success function:
    - pass the data into your `template()` function.
    - Append the html to the view.

Building up an html string in javascript is no fun and the rows in the `<div id="info">` would be unwieldy to build that way. Let's add a Handlebars template.

#### Part 3. Add Google Maps
- Your next goal is to integrate Google Maps:
    - Follow the tutorial at [Google Maps Javascript API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
        + Note that you would normally need to sign up for an API key, but we've provided one (See `index.html` line 18)
        + Be VERY careful when you copy and paste code!
    - Please center your map on San Francisco: `{ lat: 37.78, lng: -122.44}`

#### Part 4. Add pins to your map
Once you've got the map to show up, your next goal is to drop a single pin on San Francisco. This is a sanity check.  
- Next, can you add only the first earthquake to the map?
- Can you add pins for *all* the earthquakes to the map?

#### Bonus:
Extend your template:  
- Calculate how long ago the quake occurred and add it to the page. E.g. "28 hours ago". Currently, the time that the API returns is in Unix time (seconds since 1/1/1970). That's a nice format for computers, but not a nice format for humans.
- Parse the title to only include the location, E.g. Instead of "M 4.2 - 1km ESE of Fontana, California", it should just say "Fontana, California"
- Create a visual indicator of the magnitude of a quake. For instance, maybe a 4.0 is indicated by a "yellow" dot, a 5.0 by an "orange" dot, and anything larger is "red".
